Weekly Pod Meeting Template
Date: 4.18.15
Attendants: Charlyn, Jae, Reinard, Yuliya, Kadeem
Team Leader: Kadeem Maragh
Think Piece: The US’s most marginalized are disrupting power structures by learning how to code
Retrospective


Charlyn
Last week’s goal - Reinforce knowledge through bootcamp.
What went well (what goals did you meet?) - Weatherclock went well, was able to add something unique
What could have gone better (what were some challenges you faced? Did you overcome them? How?) - Zulu word of the day
What is your goal for next week? Do better on the next assessment and start android.
What do you need help with? API documentation still needs work. Bootcamp is addressing the issues.

Jae
Last week’s goal - API documentation
What went well (what goals did you meet?): Weather clock went well, assessment.
What could have gone better (what were some challenges you faced? Did you overcome them? How?) Wanted to add diversity to the color of the project through ansi escape codes.
What is your goal for next week?: Completing Game of life, finishing up excercises
What do you need help with? (peers sign up to help if they can): API and recursion

Reinard
Last week’s goal:
What went well (what goals did you meet?): Liked the way the Weatherclock came together. Even with the communication being off at the beginning, the project came together really well.
What could have gone better (what were some challenges you faced? Did you overcome them? How?): Communication for the Weatherclock could have been better.
What is your goal for next week?: Trying to understand the JSON API a bit better. Trying to implement the JSON with Wordpress.
What do you need help with? (peers sign up to help if they can): JSON

Yuliya
Last week’s goal: Finish weatherclock and get ready for HackaThon
What went well (what goals did you meet?): Successfully presented the weatherclock project, teamates were confident in every aspect of the project. Successfully devoted 48 hours to hackathon
What could have gone better (what were some challenges you faced? Did you overcome them? How?): Exposed to a plethora of information at the Hackathon, and not as much explanation was 
What is your goal for next week? Finish all of the excercises, finish the Game of Life. Clarify all of the aspects of the Stripe API.
What do you need help with? (peers sign up to help if they can) Stripe API.

Kadeem
Last week’s goal - API Documentation
What went well (what goals did you meet?) I think the application process went well. I'm really pleased with the face that that I learned a new skill (HTML).
What could have gone better (what were some challenges you faced? Did you overcome them? How?) I was really anxious while waiting to hear back. I was unfamiliar with HTML, so it was a challenge to find elements that were simple enough for me to understand, but pleasing to the eye.
What is your goal for next week? My goall is to explore git and practice moving about in the terminal.
What do you need help with? (peers sign up to help if they can) I'm sure I will have a million questions once w start Java.
Think piece discussion (team leader has prepared answers and guides discussion)

What are 2 things you took from this think piece?
Noticing a need for a very specific task, and finding a way to fulfill that need.
Having a passion for what you are doing , close to her heart.

How does this think piece relate to access code?
It helps with the process of thinking of an app idea for the final project. This idea of being passionate about something and feeling that the current solutions are either non-existant or lacking in fulfilling the task.
TODOs

Extra comments / Anything you want your program managers to know

*Nothing for now

Next Week

Next Week’s think piece:
Next Week’s team leader:
